people with her watching me
I'm lying here on the floor and a garden
very cute
remembering a verse from ecclesiastes
chapter 3 that says there is time to
everything under the sky time to cry from
plan the time to hit you have to catch
time of things in time of no thing and
I now take all the time to lie down and
look for that animal deal
it's time to look at that business
you boyfriend
so I'm enjoying
looks at the ground a park of father of Maria
has no time will leave to get there
I work as a dog and have time to
rest and enjoy the crucible enjoy a
little life many people today are
have made workaholics know that the
addicted workaholic work work
in the morning of late at night you do not
you are welcome
one day I was asked if yes what is the
summary of the book of ecclesiastes for you
only with the summary I gave
take vacation all chapters
The psalmist is ecclesiastic Solomon
he says so is all is vanity to life
it's very complicated
the summary of everything is to rest and
take a vacation enjoy your work you
what are you watching and I know you are
Rolling is racing here and there.
Do not forget to rest and enjoy a little
the life of eating the cool food of
stroll in the park heroes tidy up of life
goes with bowling goes to somewhere
do something different new crazy
What are you going to do? You have nothing to do with a chair.
for this to be sitting there makes a
noodles
is like today in the backyard watched
the chickens goiano sky see the sun set
so you'll be happy, you have some time
for everything
I have to study, have to stop.
study has time to date have
stop dating
There are lots of people wanting to date dating.
You'll enjoy it too. You too.
value
understood if you have the eiffel tower there
go look the post is the post looks that
beautiful post
the legal post
Then after dawn, you 'll keep looking.
Christ the Redeemer
then I'll look the big ben after me
I'm going to look at the Eiffel Tower and then
There you go, look who knows who you are.
look one day soon look into the eyes of
jesus will not be paris of 11 in rome in
england in rio de janeiro go to
new jerusalem where there's where you
hell will be really cool is firm
do not do something just do not
time for every purpose under the sun
you it's time to take a vacation to take,
is also living lazy just from
vacation and goes to work
bum
ok from the floor of a park
parry along with my dear
resume for never late
It's never too late to take a kiss.